Improved standalone launch script (#4805)
apache/openwhisk: core/standalone/README.md

`bash <(curl -sL https://s.apache.org/openwhisk.sh)`

> The script will start the standalone controller with Docker, and will also try to open the playground. It was tested on Linux, OSX and Windows with Git Bash. If a browser does not open with playground, access it at `http://localhost:3232`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will start the standalone controller with Docker, and will also try to open the playground. It was tested on Linux, OSX and Windows with Git Bash. If a browser does not automatically open the OpenWhisk playground, you can access it at `http://localhost:3232`.
```

> It defaults to the image `openwhisk/standalone:nightly`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default standalone controller image is published as `openwhisk/standalone:nightly` for convenience.
```

> You can specify a different image to this script and also pass additional parameters to docker. The general format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a different image to this script and also pass additional parameters to Docker. The general format is:
```

`bash <(curl -sL https://s.apache.org/openwhisk.sh) [<image-name>] [<additional-docker-parameters>...]`

If you do not want to execute arbitrary code straight from the net, you can look at [this script](start.sh), check it and run it when you feel safe.

If the playground is not enough, you can then install the [wsk CLI](https://github.com/apache/openwhisk-cli/releases) and retrieve the command line to configure `wsk` with:

`docker logs openwhisk | grep 'wsk property'`

> To properly shut down OpenWhisk and the additional containers it creates, use [this script](stop.sh) or run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly shut down OpenWhisk and any additional containers it has created, use [this script](stop.sh) or run the command:
```
